com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentMenuBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentMenuBindingImpl
com/app/demo/viewmodel/db/UserDAO_Impl.java
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.UserDAO_Impl
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.UserDAO_Impl$1
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.UserDAO_Impl$2
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.UserDAO_Impl$3
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentRegisterBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentRegisterBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentFormBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentFormBindingImpl
com/app/demo/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.demo.BuildConfig
com/app/demo/BR.java
 com.app.demo.BR
com/app/demo/viewmodel/db/WorkDAO_Impl.java
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.WorkDAO_Impl
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.WorkDAO_Impl$1
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.WorkDAO_Impl$2
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.WorkDAO_Impl$3
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.WorkDAO_Impl$4
com/app/demo/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/app/demo/databinding/ListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ListItemBindingImpl
com/app/demo/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.app.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.app.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.app.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/app/demo/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/ListGroupBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ListGroupBindingImpl
com/app/demo/viewmodel/db/DBBasarsoft_Impl.java
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.DBBasarsoft_Impl
 com.app.demo.viewmodel.db.DBBasarsoft_Impl$1
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentFormBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentFormBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/ListGroupBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ListGroupBinding
com/app/demo/databinding/ActivityMapsBindingImpl.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.ActivityMapsBindingImpl
com/app/demo/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.app.demo.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/app/demo/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.app.demo.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
